# UNS-CV Dandelion // 2.22.5014u
Engine failure struck the **UNS-CV DANDELION**, preventing them from achieving closer orbit.  Investigation revealed a sub-light snare likely left behind by **SECCOMM** elements is the culprit, and investigation is underway to discover the source of the snare and disable it.  In the meantime the task force is to be loaded up into the carrier's shuttle and deployed to Hercynia to answer the distress call.

# UNS-CV Dandelion // 2.21.5014u
The task force successfully completed the simulation mission, passing with flying colors.  Having gotten to know each other's styles they had a quick review of their overall mission on Hercynia with Captain Lumina, before retiring to the bar.  There they spent some time with each other and were finally introduced to **MAJOR JOHN TORQUE**.  **HEPHAESTUS** declined to go drinking in favor assisting the engineering team, only to get roped into the intra-ship Paladins tournament.

**GERALD**, **COSMA**, **JOHN**, and **AYLA** all learned to fear the **DEMON KISS**, a drink recommended to them by shuttle pilot **JETTA WEYER**.  **KIT**'s specialized construction let them drink the concoction easily on the other hand, earning them the approval of the pilot.  The others shared history, bonding over a mutual distaste of the alcohol before **KIT** left to join **HEPHAESTUS** in engineering.  There those two bonded over their shared love of frame design, and led the engineering team to victory over the sensors team in the tournament.

Satisfied, all turned in for a night's rest before arriving in Hercynia's orbit.

# UNS-CV Dandelion // 2.21.5014u
The squad finally met each other en-route to the recently-rediscovered planetoid known as **HERCYNIA**. Called by UAD Administrator **CHAI HEDURA**, Task Force **ECHO-ALPHA-ECHO-OMEGA** was sent on the *Amazon*-class carrier **UNS-CV DANDELION**. 

Known so far:

Approximately two months ago a distress call was received from **EVERGREEN**, a colony on the planet **HERCYNIA** in the **ATLAS** line, seeking aid against unidentified aggressors.

**EVERGREEN** is under the administration of **LANDMARK COLONIAL**, a minor subsidary corporation of **SMITH-SHIMANO CORPRO**.  First objective is to make contact with local LC Representative and integrate into local hierarchy.

Situation on-ground is to be treated with utmost care.  Recent investigation suggests possibility of extant human populations on **HERCYNIA** unreported by LC. Task Force is advised not to reveal these suspicions to LC Personnel unless deemed necessary.

Further research has yielded little information about **HERCYNIA'S** history prior to the founding of **EVERGREEN**.  Data suggests Hercynia was once subject to widespread and catastrophic military action by **SECCOMM**, though records lack meaningful detail.  Recent scans show large irradiated zones on planetary surface, as well as decayed and encrypted communications broadcasting on-loop.  Task Force should expect to encounter remnants of **SECCOMM** presence: unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and potentially even derelict military installations.