# HERCYNIA, EVERGREEN // 2.23.5014u
The task force departs at dawn, with **AYLA**'s mech slaved to **GERALD**'s commands in her absence.  They follow the trail she blazed, and her tracker.  There they find **AYLA** returned to the clearing, just in time to discover the tracks they were following the night before were in fact bait for an ambush.

Getting a clear look at their attackers for the first time, they confirm **PATIENCE**'s supposition that the raiders are human.  Piloting old frames patchworked together, the enemy put up a fight but the lancers proved their skill by dismantling the ambush in only a handful of seconds with brutal efficiency.  By the end of it several "**EGREGORIANS**" were dead, with the sniper captured.  A secondary force arrived, but ordered a withdrawal rather than fight at **AYLA**'s demand for surrender.  If not for **KIT**, **HEPHAESTUS**, and **COSMA**'s omnistream chat, they might not have understood the particularly ancient dialect used by the raiders.

The task force took several more potshots are the fleeing forces, some for intimidation, others to vent their anger, while **AYLA** used the cover of their retreat to plant the tracker on the Support-class frame the ambush had brought with them.

# HERCYNIA, EVERGREEN // 2.22.5014u
The task force arrives on Hercynia, descending in the midst of a storm.  Colony reports the storm has knocked out the **LANDING BOWL** and redirects them 2 klicks south to land.  There they are greeted by **BRAVA HADURA**, commander of Evergreen's militia.  She informs the squad to keep low due to the presence of a sniper.  **KIT** elects to hide themselves with their stealth hardsuit, while **TORQUE** rushes ahead to the colony.

During their trip, the task force learns that the attacks have been going on for **HALF A YEAR** prior to their arrival.  Most of the militia are antsy, and unequipped mentally or materially for the scale of fighting they've seen.  Several claim that it's not men they're fighting, but aliens called **EGREGORIANS** back from the annals of the planet's myths.  The attackers have been through and brutal, burning down entire homesteads and tearing them apart on distinctly vicious manners.

**HEPHAESTUS** determines that the wood here is extremely flammable due to a waxy sheen most plantlife has adopted to avoid being drowned by the excessive rains.  Any fire set in the forest is likely to rapidly grow out of control.

**COSMA** and **KIT** learn that the buildings here are mostly temporary shelters, and that the rain on **HERCYNIA** is slightly acidic.  Enough that prolonged exposure to it can cause pitting and decay.

**GERALD** learns that the people here are frightened, but generally have faith in **PATIENCE**, the NHP managing **EVERGREEN** to see them through.

Things take a dark turn when the sniper opens fire upon the task force, clipping **COSMA** with a near-miss and nearly killing her.  **GERALD** rushes to her aid, shielding her body with his own as he attempts to pick her up.  **AYLA** takes a shot with her rifle, but the shot goes wide due to wind and distance.  Thankfully, no further attacks followed up the initial attack, and the task force makes it to the **GOVERNER'S FARM**.

There they meet **EDNA JI**, and find **TORQUE** awiting them.  **EDNA JI** is **PATIENCE**'s attaché, and she leads the task force to the office where they meet the NHP himself.  **PATIENCE** takes the form of an elderly gentleman, offers them drinks and food before briefing them on the situation.  He confirms the attacks have been happening for months, but suspects these are human raiders and not aliens despite what his militia claims.  As proof he offers the testimony of a survivor from an earlier battle, **PVT. NOVEM**, and video of said engagement.  Though the details are hard to make out due to the frantic nature of combat, visually they confirm the presence of a mech and the corpse of one of the raiders.

**HEPHAESTUS** asks for information on **EGREGORIANS** and a sample of their shell, which **PATIENCE** provides readily.  The shell seems to be equivalent to hardened steel on touch, with a strange pattern on it that seems to have no purpose.  **GERALD** asks for more details on the attacks, and he and **AYLA** visibly do not approve of **PATIENCE**'s thoughts regarding the non-**EVERGREEN** homesteads and towns in the wilds.  **KIT** focuses their efforts on seeking information and electronic weakpoints, and discovers that much of the colony's infrastructure has shifted to hardlines over wireless.

Briefed in full, the task force is offered rooms at the **BOTTOM OF THE WELL** and promised their frames would be printed overnight at the **PRINTSHOP**.  Before they disperse **EDNA JI** offers them a tour of the **GOVERNER'S FARM**, which also turns into a request from her to record their next mission in order to provide **PATIENCE** with practical data for managing colony forces.  (SEE: **SIDE MISSION // #001a**)  On the training field, **TORQUE** offers pointers to the militia and receives a request from **BRAVA HEDURA** for a copy of their fight next mission as well, hoping to use their experience to provide pointers to the colonial forces.  (SEE: **SIDE MISSION // #001b**)  **KIT** and **HEPHAESTUS** work on a tracking device requested by **AYLA**.  **GERALD** heads to talk with the engineers, meeting with chief engineer **CASTOR FIELDING** who is more than happy to talk. Once satisfied with their progress, **KIT** opts to check on the **PRINTSHOP** and finds both **GERALD** and **CASTOR FIELDING**, who is excited to talk shop with someone who knows what's up.  He shows them a project's been working on, the **PLASMA MAUL**, and suggests he could produce more of them if he had some reference materials to work out the kinks.  (SEE: **SIDE MISSION // #001c)**

Now equipped with her tracker, **AYLA** opts to go hunting alone and try to find the sniper and their crew before the mission proper.  She searches through the forest, limited by the darkness and rain but skilled enough to find and follow those tracks all the same.  She finds several patterns that meet up with the tracks she follows, and pins them down to a clearing southeast of the transmission tower south of **EVERGREEN**.  Spotting strange lights in the distance, she opts to divert for a moment and check that out.  There she finds a pile of burned subalterns, dumped into a heap and set alight.  She continues to search for signs of the attackers, but pulls back when she sees strange lights and gets an eerie feeling.

## Side Mission // #001a

### Edena's Request
## Task
While touring the facility, Edena Ji stops the Task Force and asks them to consider her request. Currently, Patience is ill suited to developing a strategy to better utilize the militia against the threats the colony faces. They do not have the know-how and the militia lacks the efficacy to gain quality intel against mechanized forces. 

If a lancer mounts a Comp/Con to their mech and keeps it intact for the full duration of the next mission, it should be possible to then have that unit work with Patience in managing colony forces. As a reward, the lancers will get a free Patience Hookup reserve to use on the next mission, as Patience wishes to return the favor.

## Reward
- Patience Hookup: You have a direct line to Patience. Spend this reserve to gain +1 Accuracy on all skill checks and saves for a scene (even in combat) as Patience helps you out.

## Side Mission // #001b

### Militia Training
## Task
While watching the militia train, Brava calls Torque to the ordnance storeroom to discuss supply matters. The militia has a print order for more of the heavy stuff on the way, but the troopers are still a little green. She wants to make sure they are able to land clean hits in order to make the high-quality print feed ammo worth it, but the militia has no example tapes to help train with. 

By requesting a copy of the lancer’s combat footage of the next mission, she hopes to find some highlights for use in a training film. If the lancers can eliminate 3 or more enemies in a single action, Brava will grant them a free Ammo Crate reserve to use on the next mission since her troopers will be all the more efficient.

## Reward
- Ammo Crate: Once, while resting, spend this reserve to restore 1 charge for your entire party’s LIMITED systems and weapons.

## Side Mission // #001c

### Engineering Problem
## Task
Chief Engineer Fielding shows Gerald a project his team has been working on for the past few months. Components of Plasma Mauls litter the workshop, but they still need fine tuning. If the lancers can scan 3 different enemy types during the next mission, Fielding’s team can use the data to correct the issue and will have 2 Plasma Mauls for them after the next downtime. Even if unsuccessful, 1 Plasma Maul will be ready.
## Reward
- Plasma Maul
Heavy Melee, Exotic Gear, Loading, Overkill
[Close 1][3d6 Energy]


# UNS-CV Dandelion // 2.22.5014u
Engine failure struck the **UNS-CV DANDELION**, preventing them from achieving closer orbit.  Investigation revealed a sub-light snare likely left behind by **SECCOMM** elements is the culprit, and investigation is underway to discover the source of the snare and disable it.  In the meantime the task force is to be loaded up into the carrier's shuttle and deployed to Hercynia to answer the distress call.

# UNS-CV Dandelion // 2.21.5014u
The task force successfully completed the simulation mission, passing with flying colors.  Having gotten to know each other's styles they had a quick review of their overall mission on Hercynia with Captain Lumina, before retiring to the bar.  There they spent some time with each other and were finally introduced to **MAJOR JOHN TORQUE**.  **HEPHAESTUS** declined to go drinking in favor assisting the engineering team, only to get roped into the intra-ship Paladins tournament.

**GERALD**, **COSMA**, **JOHN**, and **AYLA** all learned to fear the **DEMON KISS**, a drink recommended to them by shuttle pilot **JETTA WEYER**.  **KIT**'s specialized construction let them drink the concoction easily on the other hand, earning them the approval of the pilot.  The others shared history, bonding over a mutual distaste of the alcohol before **KIT** left to join **HEPHAESTUS** in engineering.  There those two bonded over their shared love of frame design, and led the engineering team to victory over the sensors team in the tournament.

Satisfied, all turned in for a night's rest before arriving in Hercynia's orbit.

# UNS-CV Dandelion // 2.21.5014u
The squad finally met each other en-route to the recently-rediscovered planetoid known as **HERCYNIA**. Called by UAD Administrator **CHAI HEDURA**, Task Force **ECHO-ALPHA-ECHO-OMEGA** was sent on the *Amazon*-class carrier **UNS-CV DANDELION**. 

Known so far:

Approximately two months ago a distress call was received from **EVERGREEN**, a colony on the planet **HERCYNIA** in the **ATLAS** line, seeking aid against unidentified aggressors.

**EVERGREEN** is under the administration of **LANDMARK COLONIAL**, a minor subsidary corporation of **SMITH-SHIMANO CORPRO**.  First objective is to make contact with local LC Representative and integrate into local hierarchy.

Situation on-ground is to be treated with utmost care.  Recent investigation suggests possibility of extant human populations on **HERCYNIA** unreported by LC. Task Force is advised not to reveal these suspicions to LC Personnel unless deemed necessary.

Further research has yielded little information about **HERCYNIA'S** history prior to the founding of **EVERGREEN**.  Data suggests Hercynia was once subject to widespread and catastrophic military action by **SECCOMM**, though records lack meaningful detail.  Recent scans show large irradiated zones on planetary surface, as well as decayed and encrypted communications broadcasting on-loop.  Task Force should expect to encounter remnants of **SECCOMM** presence: unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and potentially even derelict military installations.