# HERCYNIA, EVERGREEN // 2.24.5014u
**TORQUE** and **COSMA** decide to begin tutoring the Evergreen militia after witnessing their lack of skill, while **GERALD** speaks with the colony's psychologist **SEAN YU** in order to try and process his memories after encountering **[THE BROADCAST]** in the previous mission.  The training goes well, and the former drill sergeant **TORQUE** decides to make this a regular occurrence after seeing the progress made.  After, he and **GERALD** meet up and have some drinks, reminiscing over their history.  The talk seems to have done the unofficial Task Force leader some good, as he finds it easier to recall his past.

# HERCYNIA, EVERGREEN // 2.26.5014u
**AYLA** with the help of **KIT** proceeds to **[DATA EXPUNGED]**.  She returns with evidence that **SSC** had awareness of the other human settlements on the planet, though the timeline is uncertain.  This information was stored at a level neither **EDNA JI** nor **PATIENCE** had access to.

# HERCYNIA, EVERGREEN // 2.27.5014u
**KIT** along with **HEPHAESTUS** finish defragmenting **CYNOSURE** acquired during battle with **[THE BROADCAST]**, determining it to be infected with hostile code utilizing root-level access and channels installed directly into the firmware unbeknownst prior to this investigation.  The purge of this virus begins, but will take several months to complete.

# HERCYNIA, EVERGREEN // 3.01.5014u
**COSMA** along with **AYLA** investigates into her own history, discovering she has nine siblings, two of which are younger.  The oldest, **ONE**, is still alive and serving as a diplomat in **UNION** space.

# HERCYNIA, EVERGREEN // 3.14.5014u
**HEPHAESTUS** finishes cataloging the southern mountains with **GERALD**'s help, determining that there are several **SECCOM** vaults beneath the surface of the mountains that remain boobytrapped and likely untouched.  Plans are made to investigate them further.

# HERCYNIA, EVERGREEN // 3.21.5014u
**GERALD** and **COSMA** investigate the remains of the crashed dropship, discovering that the subalterns around it had vanished along with all traces of their missing pilot **JETTA**.  Shockingly, **OLDEYE3002** in **COSMA**'s stream delivers an ominous message to the pair: "She is safe. You will meet her when the time is right," before vanishing from the chat.

# HERCYNIA, EVERGREEN // 3.26.5014u
**COSMA** and **TORQUE** engage in an exhibition match with appropriated colony power loaders, seeking to draw the interest of a sponsor that might supply the **GRAY TOWNS** with needed technology.  Though she lost, **COSMA** gets the attention of **TPIDOR ENERGIES** who agree to send generator schematics in exchange for her wearing their logo, and promising another exhibition match.  She is also roped into doing another stream with **"YESMAN"** and **"FIREHOSE"** of the Landmark militia, after they provided her the location and equipment needed for the match.

# HERCYNIA, EVERGREEN // 3.30.5014u
**AYLA** with **GERALD**'s help finializes the start of an underground network of trade between **EVERGREEN** and the **GRAY TOWNS**.  Later that day, she and **HEPHAESTUS** decide to attempt to trace communications to **BEGGAR_MEDICANT_ONE** through the remains of **[THE BROADCAST]**.  Contact is successful, but terminated quickly.  (SEE REPORT AAT019: Due to **AYLA**'s report, cycle schedule is recommended to be moved forward.)

# HERCYNIA, EVERGREEN // 4.14.5014u
**TORQUE** and **HEPHAESTUS** after numerous scouting attempts finally find a vault of interest, but are forced to vacate before proper investigation can begin due to anomalous readings followed by the loss of the drone investigating the shaft.